Everybody and welcome back.
This is just a brief lecture to improve upon our past and your creation program.
In our last lecture so as I said at the end of our last lecture we can add in a loop the loop to our
passenger request.
So we're starting from scratch to help our muscle memory.
So crate passenger
Asterix to allow for an arbitrary number of arguments to pass to the parameter requests and our function
summary as always
summarized passenger requests and we go.
Close it off print.
New Line this passenger is capitalized that this passenger has requested
as requested Colon's space for request
in requests
print
put in a little hyphen just to make our code nice and clean.
Plus requests
now find that we call our function Craig passenger
window seat
top of plane
and breakfast.
Now let's see what happens when we run this.
There we go.
This passenger has requested window seat type of plane breakfast and you can imagine combining this
little program with our programs from previous lectures where we checking in passengers and we're able
to say passenger Tony Stodden has checked in.
He has requested the following.
Window seat type of plane breakfast so you can really see lecture by lecturer.
We're building upon what we've learned we're adding structured what we've learned and we have the ability
to expand and approve our programs.
I hope this helps.
As always if you've any questions please let me know and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Thank you.